Welcome Everybody!
My name is Przemysław Bągard
In this show I want to present you my game
engine.
I do not use any existing engine here. Collision
detection and character controlling have been
done all by myself.
I've designed also model and animation format,
though I've focused on integration animation
with engine rather than on animation and graphical
details.
In the program I've put stress on arcade elements:
character can climb a ladder or catch hold
of the edge of a platform.
We have here crack, which is big enough to
allow character to catch hold of the edge,
but on the other hand, it is to small to allow
character for climbing up to the platform.
Engine is designed to allow for adding new
elements such as vertical or horizontal rope
easily.
Character slides only on sheer platforms.
(It is in description of Video)
Thank you for attention. Goodbye.